hey guys i'm owed on the beaver dam
again fishing with brandon got this
beautiful little trout we're getting
them almost every cast getting bites
every cast wonderful fishing today let
you know if we catch any more I got
myself another beautiful choke I had
another nice huge one on but II flopped
off before I got him into Shore it's
wrapping up in the branches but i'll let
this guy go right here well you don't we
catch any more beautiful another throat
I thought oh he's in the fuddle oh no
there he goes in the puddle all I'll go
catch them back and I'll release them
and all you know if I catch any more ran
and caught himself a nice little trow
need repair oh yeah nice and dark
beautiful colors beautiful sighs I
probably just lost about a 12 incher and
caught about a five incher and the felon
in the water we got a doubleheader but
oh well so well you know if we catch any
more good fishing
we're fishing and Brendan caught a nice
little trout here oh there he's flopping
but we're going to release this guy he's
still fresh and healthy and we'll let
you know if we catch it alright guys
we're back again Brendan caught a nice
little brookie um we've been catching
brook trout left right center there's
pretty much almost every couple casts
we've been catching them um we're just
having so much fun we didn't want to
bother to come take some videos so
figured would take this one video
because we might head out soon so a
couple more that symbol an open kitchen
another beautiful brookie the wind is
picking up here today and the clouds are
getting pretty dark so we might call her
a day soon not totally sure yet but yeah
we haven't been catching a rookies as
much as we usually should so we might
holiday for that anyway but I'm gonna
let this guy go and one buddy put it all
right oh and Brandon's got one on
beautiful little brookie you can see
right here that's pretty cool I let one
go and catch this one so let's land this
guy come on shore Brandon
let's get a better view of this fish
all right so he's got himself a nice
little brookie okay so yeah he's got
himself a nice beautiful brookie right
here it's Brandon's fish and I forgot to
tell you today we're using worms hooks
swivel and a small split shot so all you
know if we catch any more before we
leave
you